You are honeydew, a sweet melon
At some point, I came to like you
There are melons all over the world
But you're special
I don't know why I became interested in you
I can't see anyone but you anymore
Is it bad to be this much in love?
Where did we first meet?
On the train, or at the convenience store register?
Even though you're so cute
My memory of that moment is blurry
It's like I've known you forever
Like a vivid memory from a past life
I want to call out to you like we're already close
Somehow, you don't feel like a stranger to me
How many people does one meet in a lifetime?
Such serendipity
People could fall in love many times
Yet never find their one true love
That's why I'm convinced this is the real thing
You are honeydew, my favorite
When it comes to fruits, you're the only one for me
Whether everyone else likes it or not
Doesn't matter, it's what I like
Even though you're not that sweet
And your flesh is a little tough
I'll always be crazy about you
It has a very peculiar flavor
That you'll either clearly like or dislike
But the gentle and unassuming taste
Has captured my heart
I tried mentioning you to my best friend
But I got uninterested reaction
Well, everybody has their preferences
Strawberry, banana, orange, or mango
Apple, grapefruit, or muscat
There are many choices, but
You are special, nobody can replace you
Full of fresh youthfulness
You're not that famous yet
You're my favorite and nobody else's
Even though your appearance is ordinary
And there's nothing particularly remarkable
That's what really draws me to you
The greenish color somehow reminds me of the sky
You're so cute that I unconsciously smile
No one's making a fuss about you yet
You're the lady of the fruit world
Yes, I'd like to keep you all to myself
You are honeydew, a sweet melon
At some point, I came to like you
There are melons all over the world
But you're special
You are honeydew, my favorite
When it comes to fruits, you're the only one for me
Whether everyone else likes it or not
Doesn't matter, it's what I like
Even though you're not that sweet
And your flesh is a little tough
I'll always be crazy about you